# Gigster Expense Tracker

### Description

As a consumer, in order to better understand my spending patterns I want to input my expenses in a tracking system which can
generate reports.

Using whatever programming languages and frameworks you are most effective in, build a web application which allows users to keep track of how they spend their money. The deliverable is a full-stack web application, including a back-end server as well as a front-end client.

### Requirements
The deliverable should satisfy the following functional requirements:

1. Tests must be provided. Submissions without tests will be rejected.
2. Multiple user accounts must be supported.
3. There must be two types of users: regular users and admins.
4. A regular user:
Can log in and log out
Can generate reports of their spending over time (described in more detail in a later requirement)
Can create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) expenses they own
Can not CRUD expenses they do not own
5. An admin:
Must also satisfy requirements 3(a) through 3(c)
Can read all the saved expenses, including those which they do not own
Can not create, update, or delete expenses they do not own
6. An expense:
Is owned by exactly one user
Contains at least the following fields:
Datetime, the date and time the transaction was made
Amount, the amount of money (in USD, precision of 0.01) associated with the expense
Description, a string describing the details of th transaction
Can only be created by a logged in user
Can only be read by either the user who owns it or an admin
Can only be updated and deleted by the user who owns it
7. A report:
Shows the total amount spent per week by the logged in user
Can be filtered to only show expenses occuring within a user-provided datetime range
Can only be generated by users who are logged in
Must not contain expenses not owned by the user (even if the user is an admin)
8. The back-end must provide an interface which is agnostic to any particular front-end client implementation
9. The front-end must be a single-page application which does not need to refresh the browser after initial load
10. Software engineering best practices should be followed
